Today I learn so many things. And also I met some accident.

Look at that file in root dictionary "start.py", That's almost full code of the Toturial, which has 380 lines.

Yesterday what is the most difficult part of my learning process is class. I can't understand why we should build a class, and how the class work! but since I talk with AI for many times, I finally have a bit more understand the class. In an easy word, it is a blue print. Like I create a dog note for every dog I would document their information, and that note is what we call is a class.

And Today, I learn Module. You know months ago I crate a repository named "Reading-oriented-vocabulary-learning", that object is built by AI, as you think, turely Vibe Coding! So in that project, I have nearly no harvest about how to code and the structure of that project. So it's such an embarressment that when someone ask me about the structure of that code, I could not say a word, because that was built bu AI, and I have no idea of coding!

but someone also praised me that it is also a skill to make AI code to what you want. That's ture, if I haven't been experienced that day and night I ask AI to do what I want, and the day I copy that error and let AI fix, I think today I have no idea to write prompt to ask AI about what problem I meet when I learning Python.

The most impressive thing is not what I learn, to be honest, I thought I have no idea if you ask me to open a blank py file page in VSCode and start coding, though I have followed that Tutorial. The most impressive I learn is I start being known myself. I am not a person that awesome at such STEM displines, in contrast, I am more good at learning literate art, for example, as a chinese student, my English and Chinese, and also Biology, those subject is not so bad verus that mathmatics, physis. 

And I know that, I'm a man that is not good at mathmatics. In fact, I'm a man that is fear of uncertanty. Yes, when I immuse myself in learning Python, I found that feeling that I simlarily experienced in high school learning maths, and also physis, chemical: the fear of uncertanty.

Folating in the surface of the endless knowledge ocean, and dash by wave for countless times - that's what I feel.

But Today, I have no choice (I just lock down all of my way and force myself learn Python), I have to face uncertanty. So, magice happens: I stop running away science, because I have no other ways for me to choose, and I start accept uncertanty, I start learning with uncertanty. 

Existence precedes essence. stop thinking, go to work.

So, everyday I should do is open the vedio of freecodecamp, and start learning. At first I was really depend on AI, once I met a problem I would ask AI to fetch that certanty, and now I am consiously less ask AI and code with uncertanty.

